hey guys how's it going space 45 here um
I did a little bit of more knife work
kind of recently I did this about like
two weeks ago and I've been carrying
this knife ever since this jumped up to
my number one favorite knife in my
collection after doing this because it's
got like a successful pimp job actually
finally not finally I'm I did some some
that were pretty successful but this
probably the best one so far
as you can see it's non tech I'll wrap
one rat model one um and yet here it is
so it's got blue black g10 on it and
like an Enzo pattern and I finally got
the handle powder down kind of it's
really nice um once I get the hang of
like this whole work working on knives
stuff more then I'm gonna left
definitely let out a little more
creativity in my designs but for now I'm
just kind of like focusing on the basics
and working my way up so yeah that looks
really nice looks good a little greasy
and then um the blade it's stonewashed
and it has like a etching design in it
looks pretty nice I like it overall I
really really like this knife it's nice
to look at and it's fun to flick and
it's just a solid knife thumb-stud
got like a little bit of heat to it so
it's a it's like a dark bronzes brownish
color it's not like a traditional color
you get a heat anodizing I think because
I heated it passed like the normal
spectrum of colors and the rest of these
screws that are painted black didn't
like that at all they just looked kind
of boring so I took them all down then
he anodized them and they look black
again but it's definitely like
impressing intelligence I've liked a lot
more personality to it like the color
it's not just like that black painted
boring luck because you can see other
tones of color like that actually has a
little bit of blues event it's mainly
blue actually and these all have like
blues and purples and them just just a
little like hardly but just enough to
where it doesn't look like a boring just
a boring painted black on this side
pocket clip I did
like that there you go can I see it
there see if I gonna fuck light off it
in the other direction there you go
it's same as the blade and how did I
just use my spray-paint and I fill up a
cap and threw paint on there and then
did the acid etching the actions
actually really nice on it it was a
little stiff after I did all this work
to it but it's worn in because I had
been carrying this for like two weeks
and oops
at the camera tripod it's really smooth
it's really nice now you can even do
that to it which is kind of hard on the
rat one because that détente is so
strong yes II should have quit while I
was ahead there you go yeah I'm try nice
and actually I'm gonna I'm gonna let
this one go if anyone's interested in it
I'll let this one go for 60 bucks I
guess because it's I paid thirty three
thirty dollars like 30 something dollars
for it including shipping and then um
like just the work I put into it and
then that you know material cost
whatever and then um shipping so and all
I'm sorry I'm not making like I'm not
making a fortune off this at all just I
really need money for like pain and you
know other art stuff actually and then
um
once I sell paintings I can buy knives
and then it's kind of hard to do in the
order of buying knives and then buying
paintings I kind of have to I mean by
painting materials I gotta have to
invest in my business basically and then
I can buy knives and customize them and
stuff like that so hopefully guys like
this one I think great how much you guys
think if you're interested in it like I
said it's like 60 bucks ship so you're
gonna numb PM me or comment and i'll PM
you so yeah one let's look with some
close-ups
oh really moving deep vnj leap that's my
homie you we got to buy the cake
business dear got a new wife I can do
this for the rest of my life
hanging with stars try fast cars dear
wear a vest for protection at the bar
smoke me a spliff topic shit never in my
life